Add network config suggestions for VM running Ubuntu (#721)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/backup-restore.md

Users can either restore a new VM or replace an existing VM using this backup.

:::note

> If your OS is Ubuntu and the version is newer than 16.04, the network configuration is very likely handled by `netplan` by default. Please `Edit Config` > `Advanced Options` on your VM before creating backup, and take the following network-data as reference for DHCP configuration.

Author: Yup. The VM needs to be stopped before `Edit Config`. I'll add to the `vm creation`.

```YAML
network:
  ethernets:
    enp1s0:
      dhcp4: true
      dhcp6: true
      dhcp-identifier: mac
  version: 2
```

> The restored VM will retain the same machine ID as the original, which will cause it to receive the same IP address from the DHCP server if `dhcp-identifier: mac` is not specified since `netplan` use machine ID as dhcp identifier by default. It is essential to configure the network-data before performing a VM backup for Ubuntu systems. Failure to do so will result in unexpected behavior and potential network conflicts.

Author: I tried w/o luck. They will need to modify the netplan config and do `netplan apply`

> The restored VM will retain the same machine ID as the original, which will cause it to receive the same IP address from the DHCP server if `dhcp-identifier: mac` is not specified since `netplan` use machine ID as dhcp identifier by default. It is essential to configure the network-data before performing a VM backup for Ubuntu systems. Failure to do so will result in unexpected behavior and potential network conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The restored virtual machine retains the machine ID of the original virtual machine. If `dhcp-identifier: mac` is not specified, the restored virtual machine receives the same IP address from the DHCP server because `netplan` uses the machine ID as the DHCP client identifier by default. This is why you must configure the `network` settings before creating backups of virtual machines running Ubuntu. Failure to do so may result in unexpected behavior and potential network conflicts.
```
